# Broad Street Modules & Tables

The Broad Street schema is organized into Modules, each consisting of a serious of tables for storing data, and curation relies on entry & manipulation of data in these modules. Curators rarely work at the Broad Street schema level, but software and algorithm developers often need to understand how the data is fundamentally organized. Nonetheless, new curators and developers should familiarize themselves with both the Broad Street Modules and the curation protocols. When curators use the web interface to add data to CARD, they are manipulating the contents of Broad Street.

Please note, this is a port of internal documentation, some links may point to servers behind the McMaster University firewall and thus will not be accessible.

## Modules

* [Administrative Module](admin_module.md) for managing users, performing updates, and tracking usage.
* [Controlled Vocabulary Module](controlled_vocabulary_module.md) for managing ontologies.
* [External Reference Module](dbxref_module.md) for tracking connections to external databases such as GenBank or PubMed.
* [Model Module](model_module.md) for storing reference sequences and mutations, plus bioinformatic parameters for prediction of AMR genes.
* [Publication Module](publication_module.md) for tracking scientific publications associated with AMR genes.
* [Resistomes & Variants Module](resistomes_module.md) for storing pre-computed resistomes and AMR gene alleles from bulk analysis of genomes from NCBI.

## Automated Tasks

While the contents of the modules and tables are generally generated by manual curation, some table contents are automatically generated by [Automated Tasks](automated_tasks.md). 



